We live in a confused and conflicted world. One in which our lack of intimacy is displayed eveywhere. Not least in our obsessive use of bodies and sex as an advertising hook. The truth is that we are as alienated from sex as we are from each other and nature. Sex has ben used for thousands of years to control and exploit people by making them, that means you, afraid and ashamed of it. We are at them same time teased with and threatened by sex.

Sexual Healing is based on one single, simple recognition: the primary human energy is sexual. While there are other drives almost as potent, sexual energy is the root and source of them all: without which human life would not be able to continue. This fact has been so effectively ignored and obscured that human beings are unable to recognise the source of many of their problems: repressed and distorted sexual energy.

Our fundamental energy and natural impulses have been made dangerous and shameful. This distortion can be found at the root of almost every inhibition, neurosis, and illness. If we do not find our way back to being comfortable with our sexuality we will never find our way back to being comfortable with each other, nature and life.

Some of your time might be confusion as a female from a past potentially sexually violent relationship that you have never escaped and you need therapy with a sexual therapist to get confirtable both on the photographic of sexual lude acts, perhaps using a therapist while swinging with them for confort and attention in group sex environments or if you just want to get over hangups with a porn style dick/penis.

We are sexual beings, from the surface to the core, from birth till death. Sex is natural, sex is necessary. There is nothing to be ashamed about sexuality. It is neither natural nor necessary to be ashamed to be seen naked. It is not shameful to masturbate. It is not immoral to be attracted to a stranger. It is not wrong to give pleasure, nor to receive pleasure. It is not a sin to want to touch and be touched where touching gives the most pleasure. It is natural, it is healthy, it is healing.

Often sexual inexperience in the first experience can lead to a life time of complex confusion about your sexuality and sex life and what sits with conformation of your first sexual enlightment as a youth and young adult. These courses if you are under the age of legal concent must be first met with a guardian concent form.

Open, intimate sexuality heals. Sexual healing is not a matter of technique, or of putting things right. It is a matter of relaxing into what we allready are. This only requires intimacy; an intimacy that begins within your self, your body, your feelings, your desires, your anxieties, your fears. An intimacy that, without any special knowledge or skills, allows you to discover the subtle, satisfying delight built in to your body, and intrinsic to consciousness.

First Person Contact is a journey into pleasure. A journey based on sensitivity to sensation while being intimate with self and with others. It is a journey into body, mind and spirit that draws on East and West, Ancient and Modern. At its heart is the wisdom of life accessed through sensitive intimacy and pleasure.
